The CodePen Link:

https://codepen.io/sweetdarkcoder/pen/mdVxzEq?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Basically, it's HTML where the elements have a bit more meaning to them. As if they come in with built-in "presets" (size, width, etc).

    2. What is HTML used for? 
Traditionally HTML is used to markup a webpage. It helps distinguish sections from each other, kind of like labelling the different parts of an animal.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes modify elements and traditionally we place them just right after we've named the element. As in class="myClass".

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Usually, h1 is used for the titles of documents. It should appear once on a page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The src and alt tags for the img element

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Usually titles, styles, meta, links, scripts, and base

    7. What is an id? 
An id is an identifier for elements. It must be unique.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Every HTML element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once.

    10. What is a class? 
It's an attribute which lets you define behaviors for a "class" of elements, like footers, sections, headers, etc.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
You can add a class to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Theoretically, there's no limit, though I suspect after a couple thousand classes, strange things might start happening.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

<a href="https://www.w3schools.com" target="_blank">Visit W3Schools.com!</a> 

<p>If you set the target attribute to "_blank", the link will open in a new browser window or a new tab.</p>

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

If can image can't be displayed, the image tag will show instead.

    15. How do I reference an id?
#nameOfYourID

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section has semantic properties. A div does not. You'll have to define what it is you want to happen inside the div, whereas the section comes bundled with preset behavior.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
It's used to stylize chunks of HTML, typically with a lot more capabilities than HTML.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

By using a selector reference. .class, #id, p, etc

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class defines behavior for all elements of that category on a page. Whereas an id refers to a specific element in an HTML page. You might use a class to define all headers as blue in your page while you might use the id to markup a specific section.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?

.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
("parent > child")
It would be useful if you ever wanted to distinguish between a parent and a child, say highlight everything except the parent on hover.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar div { }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state, like whether they're being hovered over.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
We use the line height property.

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

We use the letter-spacing property in CSS.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
You use the text-transform property. The different options you have are for "uppercase", "lowercase", and "capitalize"

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
myDiv{  border: 10px dotted black;}

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
*{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* This is a comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm

Because you could delete everything.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
To make backups and to reduce the tedious labor spent searching for different versions. Helps keep you organized.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Per every "unit" of work. Or every couple minutes.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Fork the repo
Add TL as collaborator
Copy repo URL
git clone repo with URL in Terminal
create your own branch
git add to add the repo changes
git commit to commit the changes
And push to upload the changes to Github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 


